Index.php
	is pulling 
		function.php - This is the file with all the functions I create for this project
		static info to display
		feed.php - This is called on by the AJAX query. It sends am HTTP header directly to the 
			feed.php to displays the changing content.
		admin/index.php
			Main index.php will choose to show you the admin side if you are visiting the
			site from another computer than its host. By default the viewing the page from the host will display the info, while from any other computer will allow you to edit the info.
	requires
		$body - This is what is needed to display the output html in the proper locations for the staticly displayed info. This is not needed for this project.

functions.php
	Here I am pulling in the 
		exchange class
			Website: http://www.phpclasses.org/package/7106-PHP-Get-calendar-events-from-a-MS-Exchange-server.html
		config.php - This is where the server spacific static settings will be.

feed.php
	Through here I will detect all the modules and pull them in.
	This will supply the global varieables	they may need met by the functions or config.
	This file also allows for auto page refresh, cyclig through the different moduels.
	I will also need to make the framing dayly info display here so the index will cause it to auto refresh and not a restart of the page.

	Process for cycle. I will be able to use session var I think. Two vars will be needed, timestamp (epoch) and slot (position in module list array). each refresh of feed will trigger the following Module folder count and array population with default sort. a compairison of current epoch to session remember epoch. if time apart is equile or greater than config saved setting.

form.php
	This will handle the function of form submit routing for the admin side. 

admin/index.php
	I will build a menu bar dynamicly baised on folders in Modules with subfolder admin. I will dissmiss template folder.

	upon clicking menu item it will pull up the index.php in the admin subfolder through 
	the index.php. when the submit is hit admin will flag what Module was submited and let
	form.php route the data to the modules parser form.php. The form it self is in the view.
	php. The index.php within the admin folder of a module is handling the db interface
	(select and submit) along with any other brain power other than processing the humin
	input data from the form.

